I've been dreaming of this day
ever since you teased my hair.
Simple logic indicates that the hairpin
yours will follow you to Valhall. Go ahead.
Cut off his hair.
Just clip.
I managed to shame you
before drawing your last breath.
I will inform you that you must
walk around Valhall with the moon wreath.
How does it feel?
Right? I had appreciated
if you were a little more present.
So I could get a bigger reaction.
But okay. Save your energy.
Then you are more present
when I'll kill you afterwards.
It can be smart
to just kill him now.
No. I want him to walk around
with that moon and wreath.
What if he fades away and escapes
while we are busy with the guild?
And come back and seek revenge?
There is no time for worry now. But
it would have been a crisis if he stuck.
But we will fix that later.
Now it's a party.
Now it's a party, guys.
Yes! Then I would like to get
bring out a bowl for my little brother.
Orm! Get up.
Yesterday headed Orm
forces in contention for the first time -
- and convinced big
on the battlefield.
He managed the piece of art
not at least one man!
You also have to get up, Frøya.
You must also be proud of ...
Now I was so ...
Unless Orm deserves the dish of honor,
then no one deserves it! Toast!
Before that, more honors and honors are awarded
to Orm, I would say a few words.
The reason we didn't
lost a single man -
- was that this one
incompetent army commander -
- took us on a wild goose chase.
It's the worst I've ever experienced.
It's enough. You have become so
very old, so you just buzz.
Let him talk.
He guided us in the most cowardly way possible
further and further into the forest, -
- farther and farther away from the battle.
Intentionally. So we didn't get killed!
But the forest was very capricious.
All the trees were completely identical.
And then we were distracted by a squirrel,
so everything was completely wrong.
It was totally impossible
to do anything.
Then I command
that the dish of honor be withdrawn.
The dish is reversed!
Spit in the horns for Orm.
I am just going to ...
Just air the pee a little ...
Orm?
You are Orm, huh?
That's my name.
Don't wear it out.
You got the gift I sent
to the wedding? Bread board?
I'm not sorry
could be at the wedding.
Yes.
Thanks.
My pleasure.
You deserve a lot more.
Where I come from, we cherish you.
-About me?
-Did you not know?
- Seriously, you're a legend.
-Am I?
-Yes.
-Why?
-Many because of those things.
- What kind of stuff?
It's always hard to be specific,
but that's the total package people fell for.
-What is it you have there, then?
-Nothing. Just a few things.
- Come on, see.
-You just think it's stupid.
No I do not.
Let's see.
It's such a royal horse.
It's not finished,
there are no details or anything.
It's very nice.
It looks like a real horse.
It's lifelike.
I know how hard it is,
because I do it myself. A lot.
-No?
-Congle horses and cones ...
Sauer? Artichoke Pigs? Occasionally stock
I have a whole farm with different royal animals.
And then I pioneer.
Then I make small clothes ...
You're not pioneering?
It's totally sick. I pioneer a lot.
-No?
-Yes! We are quite alike, we.
-It is strange.
- Sorry we didn't meet each other before.
-Because I now feel that ...
-What?
-You will laugh ...
-Don't laugh.
... and think this is stupid.
You are Orm, you have a lot of friends.
No, not fluster, maybe ...
A good, small bunch.
Because I'm not a person like that
throws around me in big words, -
- but I think "best friend" ...
That's right
the expression for the two of us.
-Bestevenn?
-I got a new best friend.
Anyone want some dessert?
Yes. Something sweet is important
after such a powerful meal.
Come with me out and see that I am
finally get my revenge.
Come on, Arvid,
do you want something sweet ...
It's a shame that this
the friendship must end tonight.
-Yes.
-Otherwise, we could have had lots of contact.
- Could we?
- Yes, yes. Lots of contact.
Au ...
-What is it?
-It's so painful with those ropes.
- But I can loosen them up.
- No, Orm, it will be too much.
I can't ask you
loosen completely on the ropes behind there.
I insist.
You're not leaving, are you?
We are best friends.
They stick together.
They do not leave
each other only they get the chance.
That's what I've always said.
The reason I asked,
is that I've had friends who run -
- as soon as they got to know me ...
Bear?
He'll be back soon.
In a few steps.
He should probably just ...
(It rattles in something.)
Hello?
Is there anyone here?
I'm just warning you - I'm a warrior!
I'm just coming from flanking!
Come to the light so I can see you.
UAE!
That is just one of the reasons
that I will never get married.
- Get dragged into the dirt that way.
-Yes.
People look at you and Orm as a unit.
You will be judged by him.
Fy Loke, then sincerely hope not.
It's just so nice to be free
and jump from one lady to another.
Empty and escape, like.
Thank you, please next.
OK? I have never
sit down with some ladies, then.
No. But for me it works
more about the possibility of it.
The feeling that it could have happened.
If you know what I mean.
Speaking of which, the duty calls.
Got loose on cunt.
You, what do you think about us
take a walk in the back of the longhouse, then?
Can I ...
Can I just touch you one more time?
Yes.
- Almost like human skin.
-Yes, it's just a shade darker.
Yeah right.
Human skin, just a little darker.
Nothing to be paralyzed for fear of.
All natural.
Am I seriously the first
colored person you met?
No no no.
Yes. Or maybe.
Oh my God. So you lie
far back up here in the quarry.
The others do, not me.
Not to brag, though
I've traveled all over the world,
- seen many cultures,
met emperors and kings.
I can even talk
six different languages.
Davs! Tjänare! Hi! Salaam.
And so on.
I can also "hello".
But why are you here
behind lock and turn?
-No, because of the skin color, then.
-No!
And Jarl Varg does not like otherness.
It's one of his core values.
I'm not like that.
I'm totally color blind like that.
-And then I'm very tolerant.
-Yes.
Where are you from?
Therefore ...
Last, before I came here, England.
-England?
-The country that is in the west.
Is it a country in the west?
Are you going to bail me out?
If there is something to do?
I'm the bearer of bad news.
Varg has sentenced you to ...
-He sentenced you to death.
Just because I let go of the arch enemy?
-Yes, that too.
- Unfortunately, there will be blood eagles.
Sounds fierce.
Especially when cutting back, -
- and the ribs fold out
like bird wings ...
It holds galore, Frøya.
So we've come to say goodbye.
I notice this is going to be
tearful for all men. And ladies.
-Yes.
-Frøya ...
My Beloved ...
My innocence rose.
It's sad that it
should end like that. Yes.
I think I'm aiming for a handshake.
Yes, it's more convenient
than the clamps.
-There's so much I should have experienced.
-What?
No, I've been told it exists
a country to the west that is so rich -
- and full of embellishments
and arts and culture and pacifists.
I should have gone there
on such a friendly visit.
-A rich country in the west?
-Yes. My cellmate said so.
He has traveled all over Midgard.
He's been there.
Now I became very curious, Orm.
Then I get an idea that is so insane
that it can actually work.
You must beg and pray
about your brother's life?
No, I'm coming
to propose a kind of barter, -
- which will be better
than a sweaty eagle.
I highly doubt that.
Look at them!
They are hungry for blood.
If I said I could get you
access to a country in the west -
- that is so full
of wealth and slavery -
- that you can build up again
your whole army -
- become the most powerful man in Norway,
what do you say then?
I'm not saying anything.
I only become immediate
hard as flint - bottom.
I suggest swapping Orm's blood eagle -
- against finding this country
and make a map for you.
If I let high treason go unpunished,
creates a deadly precedent.
- Prisoners are released in the cabin and weather.
- No, we can't have that.
But - I need to save his life
in exchange for that map.
But - he needs a symbolic punishment.
It is not to be avoided.
He needs a real lesson.
What kind of inventions is this?
A gaping stick for precious parts?
I saved my life for this one
the traitor in exchange for power and wealth!
But don't believe in any way
that he will remain unpunished.
Let me have the pleasure of getting
introduce "whip on your purse"!
To show the bullet bag for a large one
the crowd is more than punishment enough.
Go ahead.
-Au!
-Again!
Again! Again! Again!
- Good luck on the journey, Olav.
Thank you so much.
You lie thin
if this is a joke.
If you come back empty-handed,
- I have a plan to cut Orm
in tiny little pieces.
-I wouldn't sacrifice a thought.
- I'm not so sure.
I have the feeling that the map
can cause major problems.
Not at all, Varg.
That map is as good as yours.
Appreciate you saying so,
but something inside me says -
- that map is coming
creating extremely big problems!
- For several seasons.
-More seasons?
Yes. Winter, spring, summer and autumn.
There are several seasons.
Good luck on the journey.
Lindisfarne.
An insignificant place. An example of one
a place that never ends up in history books.
Rufus Claudianus,
it's not supposed to mess,
- but why can't you act today?
Hadn't it been something?
Have I not said quite clearly that I
going on stage when I feel like it?
It must feel right.
And it doesn't now.
Look around.
Everyone is so chatty and unassuming.
They are monks! Maybe they have
made a promise of secrecy or something?
They do not seem enthusiastic
or knowledgeable either.
That is a minimum requirement.
Rose petals!
Can't you just
play the show?
This is the last stop of the tour.
People want to go home to Rome.
But I am an artist and do not take
consider your working ant.
The more you mess,
the less correct it feels. Rose petals!
Either way ...
For my feet!
Not in the face.
- Anyway, congratulations.
-Thanks. For what?
For stressing me out. I need
a long massage, then we'll see.
Maybe it will be a performance,
maybe not.
Of course.
You are the star after all.
Yes, I am.
Obviously.
New position!
For me, this works
like a key.
Yes, a key that unlocks
the creative barriers.
I'm actually starting to feel too
to give the people an experience now.
So good. So good.
-And they know I'm an inferno?
-Yes. They have been told that.
Oh, that was good.
I hope they are aware
how lucky are they? Oh ...
I ejaculated! What part of non-
erotic cock massage didn't you understand?
-Sorry!
- This is unheard of!
Find all the seeds! I will have
every drop of my ejaculate!
None of my seeds are going astray
so others can make copies of me!
A scandal! I want to see
you burn that cloth afterwards.
I wonder if I'm walking around, me.
I'm so sorry.
I have given over ten thousand non-erotic
cock massages without ejaculation.
I really do not know
what happened. Sorry.
Hush!
There we have the commitment
I've been waiting for!
Hear how playful they are.
I'm ready.
They have earned themselves
to my performance.
But not right yet.
I'm just waiting a bit.
And some more. I incite them, so I do
goes out when the mood is at its peak.
It is an art very few masters.
Being able to enter the scene
at exactly the right time.
(It's quiet outside.)
Now ...
... it's time.